
# Correlates of antimicrobial resistance emergence

___Authors___:  _Emma Mendelsohn, Noam Ross, Carlos Zambrana-Torrelio, Thomas Van Boeckel, Ramanan Laxminarayan, Peter Daszak_

---

### Repo Structure

This repository contains code, data, and documentation used to model correlates of global antimicrobial
resistance emergence events. 

## Code
-	`00-init-data.R` compiles global data for the analysis. Outputs from this script are saved in `data/`, so it is not necessary to run this script to run the analysis in `_drake.R`.
    - AMR emergence data is from [DOI 10.5281/zenodo.3964895](https://zenodo.org/record/3964895)
    - Data on potential correlates of AMR emergence come from multiple sources, documented within comments.
- `00-get-promed-data.R` generates an index of ProMED publications by country (to be used as an indicator for reporting bias within the study). Outputs from this script are saved in `data/`, so it is not necessary to run this script to run the analysis `_drake.R`.
- `_drake.R` uses the [drake](https://github.com/ropensci/drake) package to run the analysis from the data compiled in above scripts. It uses [static branching](https://books.ropensci.org/drake/static.html) to evaluate multiple scenarios to test model robustness. Running the full script will trigger the drake plan to run (alternatively, sourcing `Makefile` within this repo will trigger a run). Individual targets within the plan can be loaded into environment using `drake::loadd(target_name)`
- `R/` contains functions used in the drake pipeline

## Data
-	`data/` contains all pre-processed data. All processed data is saved as `country-level-amr.csv`, which is used as the input to `_drake.R`.

## Outputs
-	`plots/` contains all figures generated by the analysis
-	`doc/` contains `.Rmd` files with miscellaneous data queries
